Testing
In general, testing is going to be something that is much more involved and complicated that we are going to accomplish in Module 2. Given that fact that we know how to use functions, and we also can make effective use of console.log, the code that we write for each of the challenges in this module will have attached to them, functions whose sole purpose will be to verify the functions which ostensibly solve the initial challenge. We are going to refer to the functions that "test" our actual functions as assertion functions. We are specifically going to introduce four of them.

The first assertion function we will look at will allow us to compare two scalar values. The second will allow us to compare two arrays (for now, the arrays will contain only scalar values). The third will allow us to compare two objects (using something that is technically cheating, but will be sufficient to demonstrate the concept). The last assertion function will allow us to compare a value to a range, which is to say, is the result of a function within an expected range. To be sure, these are all functions that are going to allow us to carefully log messages to the console. These messages will tell us what is or is not working about functions that we are writing. In the second half of the testing section, you will be given code that is meant to be tested using a specific assertion function. Some of the code will be incorrect, and you will have the chance to correct it using your assertion function as a test suite or collection of code that verifies a section of your program.
